Millionaire City
Loading
Return to Millionaire City daily and get a cooler reward every day! Open the gift boxes and unveil the surprises waiting for you
New Rewards Available!
Multi-Tool
Buy Plots: $%U
Collectibles
Missions
Road tool
Shop
Managers
Destroy tool
Home
Upgrades
Buy
You need %U XP to reach Level %U1
Millionaire Dollars
Millionaire Gold
Facebook Credits
Company Value
City Name
Sound On
Sound Off
Music On
Music Off
Photo
Zoom In
Zoom Out
Contractors
Contracts
Move
Collect
Fullscreen
Add Gold
Add Dollars
Add
Publish Investment
Next
Confirm
Back
Read More
Skip
Select Contract
Quality
Reward
,
.
Company Value
Christmas I
Special HQ
Aviation 1
Luxury HQ
Aviation 2
Ultimate HQ
Aviation 3
New Year's Eve
Jewelry
Ingredients
Sport Equipment
Shopping
Entertainment
Luxury
Belt
Binoculars
Lighter
Watch
Ring
Laptop
Headphones
Mobile
Clock
Cufflinks
Chandelier
Sunglasses
Paper Plane
Sleep Mask
Pilot's Hat
Airline Meal
Tax Free Perfume
Ticket
Luggage
Champagne
Airline Wings
Pilot's Sunglasses
Model Plane
Passport
Candy Cane
Gift Sock
Xmas Candle
Elf's Hat
Fireworks
Champagne Glasses
Party Kit
New Year's Balloons 
Emerald
Sapphire
Ruby
Diamond 
Cheese
Rice
Bread Roll
Milk
Helmet
Boxing Gloves
Basket Ball
Baseball Glove
Cash Register
Market Basket
Receipt
Paper bag
Ticket
M-City T-shirt
Box Office
M-City Mug
Bourbon Bottle
Lamp Stand
Roccoco Chair
Jacuzzi
Headquarters Special
Headquarters Luxury
Headquarters Ultimate
Antique Plane
Zeppelin
Aviation Show
Giant snow globe
New Year's Plaza
Japanese Pond
Reward
Reward
Reward
Reward
Reward
%U XP
$ %U
Headquarters
Headquarters description
Bungalow
Well maintained detached building with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and approximately 60 square meters of space.
Bungalow Luxury
Spacious 2 bed, 2 bath house with entrance hall, sitting room, dining room, and kitchen.
Townhouse
Attractive 3 bed, 2 bath house with family room, living, dining room and a 1 car garage.
Townhouse Luxury
Delightful three bedroom house with front and rear patios, two  parking spaces and a dining room.
Duplex
Great kitchen, living room, dining room, pantry, laundry room, beautiful garden and terrace.
Duplex Luxury
Renovated house with new carpets, new tile flooring, and brand new appliances in the kitchen and  bathroom.
Three Story
Hardwood interiors, kitchen, living room, dining room, air conditioning, patio and deck.
Three Story Luxury
Basement for home-entertainment, laundry, storage room, kitchen, living room, dining room, and patio with hot-tub.
Apartment Block
A 600 square meter complex with 6 lovely units, a garden and gardener included.
Apt. Block Luxury
A 6 unit complex with swimming pools; perfect for families.
Villa
Six detached units each with hardwood floors, stove, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, and garage.
Loft Block
Ideal for artists.100 square meters with a big hall and 2 bedrooms. 
Villa Luxury
Six detached units with two-car garage. Complex includes a swimming pool, sauna, large terrace and garden.
Skyscraper
A 20 meter tall complex with 6 bedrooms and reception.
Loft Block Luxury
Great space for bachelors or actors. 
Chateau
An impressive 19th century chateau; fully restored with 500 square meters of living space and 14 bedrooms.
Skyscraper Luxury
A 30 meter tall complex and a great view from 8 stylish bedrooms.
Colonial House
Historic style and comfort, 4 bedrooms, luminous livingroom and spacious garage.
Futuristic
Luxury flats in a home of the future. High tech design choices and many sundecks.
Super Skyscraper
Modern apartments in a 50 meter tall building. Great views, swimming pools, gym, restaurants and panoramic lifts.
Eco Home
This ecological house is filled with natural light and charm. Includes three earth friendly bedrooms.
Highland Castle
This Scottish style castle has a lot of space. Includes 20 bedrooms, cleaner, butler, maid, driver and a ghost.
Kioko House
Kioko house is compact but highly functional with two bedrooms. Paper walls and a tatami floor bring unbearable lightness to everyday living.
House of Harmony
This  Japanese style house is filled with tranquility. It has been designed according to the principles of Zen. Perfect for a small family who enjoy tending a Koi pond.
Bayern Haus
This typical Bavarian house represents the warmness of the people living in the high mountains of Germany . A three-story house based on the Bavarian Architecture.
Bayern Haus II
This house is made to host Fürsten and Herzöge of Bavarian Bloodlines. A house of pride and royal prestige.
Bayern Haus
This typical Bavarian house represents the warmness of the people living in the high mountains of Germany . A three-story house based on the Bavarian Architecture.
Bayern Haus II
This house is made to host Fürsten and Herzöge of Bavarian Bloodlines. A house of pride and royal prestige.
Venetian Palace
Travel back in time to the Renaissance  with this Venetian palace of history and grandeur.
Tuscan House
Live the dream in this country home with several terraces and a garden.
Treehouse
This original habitation has one bedroom and a chance to live as one with the nature every day.
Eco House Luxury
This luxurious Eco house has 3 bedrooms, water recycling system, solar power and maximum insulation.
Haunted House
If you can sustain one night in this house, it will be yours forever and ever and ever...
Pumpkin House
Spend your Halloween comfortably in this charming home suitable for every aspiring witch.
Designer House
Live with ultimate style with 2 bedrooms and lots of light.
Skyscraper Ultimate
This modern skyscraper brings the metropolis feel into your city. Enough space for all your blooming business'.
Luxury Mansion
Classic Hollywood style mansion for the people who have arrived. Eight bedrooms and five bathrooms to cater demanding social needs.
Luxury Mansion II
Embrace the high life in this extremely luxurious mansion. High tech fixtures and a private movie theater included.
La Maisonette
Two idyllic bedrooms make this a dream house for any peace loving small family.
Parisian Town House
This apartment building has beautifully renovated apartments with lots of light and old world charm.
Pilgrim Cottage
Live in pilgrim style in this charming cottage with room for a settler family and a turkey.
Chrysler Building
Endless space opportunities for all kind of tenants in this iconic sky scraper.
White House
If it's good enough for the president, it's good enough for the rest of us.
Gingerbread House 
There's nothing more delicious than this Gingerbread House, perfect for holidays. Can be eaten after Xmas.
Santa's grotto
Invite your tenants to enjoy authentic christmas spirit in this magical home from Finland.
Igloo
Extremely ecological and surprisingly warm. Dogs included.
House of Christmas
Enjoy the spirit of Christmas in this beautiful and spacious dream house.
Fun House
Enter this funtastic house and make your tenants jump with joy! 
Futuristic Deluxe
This house provides you with the lifestyle of the future with all the high tech and space age amenities.
Futuristic City Block
Provide the living of the future for your tenants in this spacious apartment block. Free teleportation services included in the rent.
Escorial Palace 
This is your chance to live like the king. Fits as many royal tenants as you want for maximum profit.
Spanish House
Peaceful living in the Spanish countryside. Your tenants will fall in love with this house!
Tennis Star's Home
Live and train professional tennis in your own privacy. Trainer included.
F1 Star's Mansion
Spacious dream mansion for those with a fast lifestyle.
Casa Mexicana
Offer your tenants the Mexican lifestyle in this charming and spacious home.
Casa Mexicana II
Offer your tenants the Mexican lifestyle in this charming and spacious home.
Medieval Castle
Your tenants will certainly be thrilled with this imposing  monument of spooky mystery and solid strength - brought back from the Dark Ages!
Tudor Style House
Beautifully half-timbered walls and steep roofing will take your tenants back to a time of quaint Medieval flavored calm and simplicity.
Indian House
A brilliantly robust house that reflects the Indian style of life - complete with beautiful garden!
Indian Palace
A sumptuously exotic Palace awaits your tenants who choose to stay in style in this sprawling building!
Brazilian House
An amazing place for your tenants to relax - this house is the finest in Brazilian housing.
Brazilian Skyscraper
Celebrate your success with this rare supertall structure - crafted in finest Brazilian style!
St. Patrick's House
A magical place for your tenants to rest, with a splash of green fun everywhere!
Leprechaun's Tree House
Let your tenants have a great time in this tree house designed for maximum enjoyment!
Blossom House
Flowers are abounding everywhere in this flourishing environment - truly a rapturous feast for every sense!
Garden Apartment
A beautiful building, with the emphasis placed firmly in the gloriously fresh garden area - enjoy the wonder of nature!
Motel
With Guest Rooms featuring queen-sized beds, free highspeed internet, arcade and guest laundry.
Golden Skyscraper
Raise the roof with this limited, lavishly decorated Skyscraper. Over 100 floors of opulent, indulgent luxury - Vegas style!
Tee-pee
Live on the edge with this original Native American home. Excellent atmospehere, close to nature.
Ranch
Enjoy the Western lifestyle with complete self sufficienfy on this beautiful farm!
Country Cottage
The charm of English countryside comes alive in this cute cottage. Gardening optional.
Buckingham Palace
Your tenants can live like a queen in this epic castle. No shortage of space.
Residential Lux
The Ultimate machine for living, this building has everything for the most demanding of tenants!
Platinum Mansion
The best in the market, this Mansion is definitely not lacking in the Bling department!
Pizzeria
Coffee Shop
Flower Shop
Bowling Alley
Jewelry Store
Night Club
Mall
Bank
Hospital
Casino
Pet Shop
Stadium
Gym
Sushi Bar
Bräuhaus
Italian Car Shop
Eco Resort 
Shop of Horrors
Hotel Midas
Hollywood Theater
Midas Mall
Louvre
Vegas Bar
Thanksgiving Tent
Fairytale Castle
McDollars
Elf's Toy Shop 
Sledge Shop
Cotton Candy Tent
Circus Tent
Robot Factory
Paella Restaurant
Modern Art Museum
Baseball Stadium
Horse Riding Stable
Tequila Factory
Taco Restaurant
Opera House
Bollywood Studio
Caipirinha Bar
Costume shop
Irish Pub
Honey Shop
Juice Bar
Vegas Spire
Wedding Chapel
Vegas Hotel
Saloon
Gold Mine
Fish 'n' Chips restaurant
Tea shop
Cypress Tree
Oak Tree
Palm
Fountain
Orange Tree
Japanese Tree
Big Garden
Apple Tree
Triumph Arch
Fountain II
Baby Palm
Sugar Maple
Pond of Wealth
Cactus
Birch Tree
Gold Maple
Balloon Boy
Silver Maple
Cloud Tree
Bamboo
Arch of Success
Spruce 
Beerfest Column
Bierzelt
Statue of David
Comitium Ruins
Fontana dei Fiumi
Windmill
Recycling Station
Organic Garden
Cursed Tree
Trick or Treat Garden
Zombie Cemetery
Gold Tree
Diamond Tree
Private Jet Airport
Pool Deluxe
Moulin Rouge
Art Noveau Lamp
Horn of Plenty
Ice skating Rink
Ice Sculpture
The Snowman 
Classic Xmas Tree 
Lighted Xmas Tree 
Snowy Tree 
Giant snow globe
Island God Totem 
Golden Xmas Tree
Xmas Light
New Year's Plaza
Chain Caroussel
Ferris Wheel
Space Age Tree
Elf Fountain
Park El Retiro 
Andalucian Horse Statue
Aqueduct of Segovia
Japanese Pond
Minigolf
Pool
World Cup Statue
Agave Plant
Moai Statue
Xian Warriors
Egyptian Statue
Olmec Head
Parthenon
Elephant Statue
Indian Gazebo
Chafa
Spice Market
Carnival float
Amazon tree
Guaraná plant
Pot of gold
Leprechaun Statue
Shamrock fountain
Parterre
Hortensia
Flowery Tree
Playground
Neon Cowboy
Welcome Sign
Neon Cactus 
Gold Nuggets Cart
Western Wagon
Locomotive
TNT
Tube sign
Phone Box
Nelson's column
Zombie Cemetery
Golden Statue
Discovery
Pyramid
Eiffel Tower
Ronald Statue
Cindy Statue
Statue of Liberty
Chronos Tower
Colosseo
Dracula's Castle
Dollars Bin
New Year's Counter
Atomium
La Sagrada Familia
Chichen Itza
Stonehenge
Taj-Mahal
Corcovado 
Yellow submarine
Level %U needed
Plot Size:
Houses Bonus:
Benefits
This Wonder increases Daily Bonus by %U Dollars.
This Wonder gives you %U% probability of duplicating your rent.
This Wonder increases Income Bonus by %U% on all Houses you own.
This Wonder increases Commerces Income by %U%.
Buy For:
Days
Day
Hours
Hour
Mins
Secs
Dollars
Gold
permits
%U%
Free
Free
Cancel
New!
Add Friend!
Congratulations!
Level %U
Unlocked now:
Today's Daily Bonus
Come back every day to get your daily bonus!
%U
%U Gold
%U XP
%U Plots
Continue
OK
Buildings
Houses
Commerces
Decorations
Wonders
Around the World in 7 Days
Specials
Gift
Share success
Yes
No
Done
Your Company
Place Headquarters
Buy Plots
Build a House
Build a Road
Instant Build
Sign a Contract
Buy a Decoration
Collect the Rent
\nHello my name is %U. This is Chocolate Fields, the city where you will start your own real estate business.\n\nYour objective is to turn this small city into a metropolis and become a millionaire. 
\nIn Millionaire City, you can buy and rent houses to gain money and experience at the same time as building a beautiful city.\n\nStart by placing your Headquarters (HQ) in the plots shown by the arrow.
\nBefore you can build a house you need to buy some plots.\n\nClick the Buy Plots tool and buy the 2 missing plots.
\nClick on the Shop tool and buy a Bungalow.\n\nThen place it on the 2x2 plot.
\nBefore construction can start, the construction site must be connected to the Headquarters.\n\nSelect the Road tool and build the 2 missing pieces of road to connect the house to the main road.
\nThe construction has started, it will take some time to finish.\n\nClick on the Bungalow and accept Instant Build to finish the construction.
\nTime to have your first tenants.\n\nClick on the Bungalow and sign a rental contract.\n\nNotice this contract has a cost of $90.
\nTo increase rental rates, place a decoration next to a house you own.\n\nGo to the Shop and select the Decoration tab, then buy a Cypress Tree and place it next to the Bungalow.\n\nNotice  the Bungalow now has an income bonus of 2%.
\nYour rent is available for collection!\n\nClick on the Bungalow to collect it.
\nYou have now mastered the basics of money making!\n\nNext tasks:\n- Build more houses\n- Visit friends\n- You can complete missions and make money by clicking the Missions button below.\n\nGood luck!
Step %U / %U1
Select Advisor
$
Name It
Write the NAME of the city in the field below and click 'Done'.
Pizzalicious
Buy the Pizzeria that is 'For Sale' close to the Headquarters. Return here to get the reward.
Helping Hand
Ask for Help
\n\nClick on the Wonder under construction and Ask for Help from your friends. Each friend that helps you will make the Wonder finish faster.
Size does Matter
Buy one expansion! Expansions give you more space to build your City and make you richer.
\n\n Tip: Buy them by clicking on the 'Expansion For Sale' sign outside your city fences.
Instant Build
Click on a property under construction to do an Instant Build.
\n\nTip: Build a House,  connect it to the HQ and then once the build timer is counting down click the House to confirm an Instant Build!
Build I
Build a House!
\n\nTip: Buy a 2x2 plot with the Buy Plots tool. Go to Shop, select the Bungalow Luxury and place it on the plot.
Build II
Build a Townhouse for the more demanding citizens in the city.
\n\n Tip: Buy the correct plot size with the Buy Plots tool. Go to the Shop, select the Bungalow Luxury and place it on the plot.
Coffeelicious
Build a Coffee Shop.
\n\n Tip: place your Commerce close to houses to increase customers which will regularly shop there.
Diversify
Diversify your business portfolio by owning 5 different types of Commerce.
\n\n Tip: First lay the plots, go to the Shop then buy the Commerce.
Green Thumb I
Build 2 Trees.
\n\n Tip: Go to the Shop and select the Decorations tab. Buy a Tree and place it next to a House to increase the House Bonus. Do it one more time!
Fountain Dream
Build 3 more Fountains around your city. The fountains that you already might have in your city do not count.
 \n\n Tip: Place them close to Houses you own to increase their House Bonus.
Green Thumb II
Build 1 Big Garden in your City for citizens to enjoy.
\n\nTip: Place them close to Houses you own to increase their House Bonus.
Luxury Houses I
Build 1 Townhouse Luxury.
\n\n Tip: Place it close to a Commerce, so the Commerce can benefit from new customers!
Luxury Houses II
Build 1 Duplex Luxury.
\n\n Tip: Place it close to a Commerce, so the Commerce can benefit from new customers!
Chateau Dream
Build 2 Chateaus to satisfy the more A-List residents, like movie stars from Hollywood.
\n\n Tip: Place them close to Commerce, so the Commerce can benefit from new customers!
Skyscraper Dream
Build 3 Skyscrapers to give your city that metropolis feel.
\n\n Tip: Skyscrapers hold many Tenants, which are useful for your Commerce!
World Wonder
Wonders are great for big Bonuses! Build 1 Golden Statue.
\n\nTip: first place 4x4 plots, then go to the Shop and select the Wonders tab and click the Golden Statue. Place it in the empty plot.
Pizzalicious Clients I
Increase the amount of clients to 3 in the Pizzeria.
\n\n Tip: First buy a 2x2 plot next to the Pizzeria then go to Shop, buy a House and place it on the plot. Sign a contract to get Tenants.
Pizzalicious Clients II
Build more Houses around the Pizzeria to increase the customers to 10.
\n\n Tip: Buy plots next to the Pizzeria, go to the Shop, buy Houses and sign contracts to get the Tenants.
Pizzalicious Clients III
Build more Houses around the Pizzeria to increase customers to 16.
\n\n Tip: Buy plots next to the Pizzeria, go to the Shop, buy Houses and sign contracts to get the Tenants.
Coffeelicious Clients I
Raise customers to 12 at the Coffee Shop.
\n\n Tip: Build Houses next to the Coffee Shop.
Coffeelicious Clients II
Raise customers to 24 at the Coffee Shop.
\n\n Tip: Build Houses next to the Coffee Shop.
Florist's Clients
Build a Flower Shop and gather 30 clients.
\n\n Tip: Build Houses next to the Flower Shop.
Night Club Clients
Build a Night Club and arrange 36 bachelor parties in it.
\n\n Tip: Build Houses next to the Night Club.
Pimp the House I
Build Decorations next to any Bungalow you own to get a 12% House Bonus.
\n\n Tip: Decorations can be found in the Shop.
Pimp the House II
Build Decorations next to any Bungalow you own to get 16% House Bonus.
\n\nTip: Decorations can be found in the Shop.
Pimp the House III
Build Decorations next to a Townhouse to get 30% House Bonus.
\n\n Tip: Decorations can be found in the Shop.
Pimp the House IV
Build Decorations next to a Townhouse to get 60% House Bonus.
\n\n Tip: Decorations can be found in the Shop.
Rockstar Villa
A famous Rock Star 'Billy Dollars' is looking for a Villa with 90% House Bonus.
\n\n Tip: Increase House Bonuses with Decorations.
Pimp the Chateau
A rich media mogul wants a gorgeous Chateau, build one with 110% House Bonus.
\n\n Tip: Increase House Bonuses with Decorations.
Pizzalicious Sale I
Arrange 1 Pizzeria Sale by collecting income from a Pizzeria.
\n\n Tip: The more houses you have next to the Pizzeria the more money you'll make!
Pizzalicious Sale II
Arrange a Pizzeria Sale event 5 times.
\n\n Tip: Click the Pizzeria after the Timer has counted down 5 times!
Coffeelicious Sale I
Arrange a Coffee Sale event 10 times.
\n\nTip: Collect income from the Coffee Shop 10 times!
Coffeelicious Sale II
Arrange a Coffee Sale event 50 times.
\n\n Tip: Collect income from the Coffee Shop 50 times!
Show me the Rent I
Collect 10 rents from your Houses.
\n\n Tip: Use shorter Contracts to finish the Mission quickly.
Show me the Rent II
Collect 50 rents from your houses.
\n\n Tip: Use shorter Contracts to finish the Mission quickly.
Show me the Rent III
Collect 100 rents from the houses you own.
\n\n Tip: Use fast Contracts to finish the Mission quickly.
Show me the Rent IV
Collect 200 rents from the houses you own.
\n\n Tip: Use shorter Contracts to finish the Mission quickly.
Visit other Cities
Visit your friend's Cities or %U's city by clicking on the bar below the game.
\n\n Tip: Visit %U daily to get a Daily Bonus.
Help Friends I
Visit your friends' Cities and upgrade 6 Houses total in their Cities combined.
\n\nTip: Click on a Friend in the bar below to visit and then click on the friends’ houses to upgrade them!
Help Friends II
Visit your friends’ cities and upgrade 20 houses total in their cities combined.
\n\n Tip: Click on a Friend in the bar below to visit and then click on the friends’ houses to upgrade them!
Help Friends III
Visit your friend's cities and upgrade 50 houses total in their cities combined.
\n\n Tip: Click on a Friend in the bar below and upgrade their houses by clicking them!
Cash is King I
Save up $1,000,000 in Millionaire Dollars and feel filthy rich.
\n\n Tip: You can exchange Gold Bars into Millionaire Dollars by clicking the 'Add Dollars' button!
You're a Millionaire I
Build up a total Company Value of over $1,000,000.
\n\n Tip: Collect from shorter House Contracts and Commerce to quickly increase your cash flow!
You're a Millionaire II
Get a total Company Value of $5,000,000. Can you make it?
\n\n Tip: Collect from shorter House Contracts and Commerce to quickly increase your cash flow!
You're a Millionaire III
Get a total Company Value of $10,000,000. 
\n\n Tip: Collect from shorter House Contracts and Commerce to quickly increase your cash flow!
Show me the Rent V
Collect 600 rents from the houses you own.
\n\n Tip: Use shorter Contracts to finish the Mission quickly.
Show me the Rent VI
Collect 950 rents from the houses you own. 
\n\n Tip: Use fast Contracts to finish the Mission quickly.
Help Friends IV
Visit your friends’ cities and upgrade 650 houses total in their cities combined.
\n\n Tip: Click on a Friend in the bar below to visit their City and then upgrade the houses by clicking them!
Help Friends V
Visit your friend's cities and upgrade 850 houses total in their cities combined.
\n\n Tip: Click on a Friend in the bar below to visit their City and then upgrade the houses by clicking them!
You're a Millionaire IV
Get a total Company Value of $375,000,000. 
\n\n Tip: Collect from shorter House Contracts and Commerces to quickly increase your cash flow!
You're a Millionaire V
Get a total Company Value of $475,000,000.
\n\n Tip: Collect from shorter House Contracts and Commerces to quickly increase your cash flow!
Cash is King II
Gather $10,000,000 in Millionaire Dollars and feel filthy rich.
\n\n Tip: You can exchange Gold Bars into Millionaire Dollars by clicking the 'Add Dollars' button!
Cash is King III
Save up $20,000,000 in Millionaire Dollars and feel filthy rich.
\n\n Tip: You can exchange Gold Bars into Millionaire Dollars by clicking the 'Add Dollars' button!
Rock Star Contract
Collect 200 rents from the Rock Star Contract.
\n\n Tip: Build lots of Houses to set many Contracts at the same time!
The Sheik challenge
Sheik Oilfinger is a famous millionaire that loves fat cigars. Make more than $900M in Company Value and show Sheik Oilfinger who really is the richest!
\n\n Tip: Collect from shorter House Contracts and Commerces to quickly increase your cash flow!
Show me the Rent VII
Collect 5000 rents from the houses you own.
\n\n Tip: Use shorter Contracts to finish the Mission quickly.
Help Friends VI
Visit your friends’ cities and upgrade 2000 houses total in their cities combined.
\n\n Tip: Click on a Friend in the bar below to visit their City and then upgrade the houses by clicking them!
You're a Millionaire VI
Get a total Company Value of $2,000,000,000. 
\n\n Tip: Collect from shorter House Contracts and Commerces to quickly increase your cash flow!
Cash is King IV
Save up $300,000,000 in Millionaire Dollars and feel filthy rich.
\n\n Tip: You can exchange Gold Bars into Millionaire Dollars by clicking the 'Add Dollars' button!
Pimp the Colonial
Build decorations next to a Colonial House to get 360% House Bonus.
\n\n Tip: Check the House Bonus in the Shop before you buy a Decoration!
Bank Clients
Build a Bank and gather 529 clients.
\n\n Tip: Build Houses around the Bank to gather Customers for it!
Bowling Alley Clients
Build a Bowling Alley and gather 243 clients. 
\n\n Tip: Build Houses around the Bank to gather Customers for it!
M-City's VIP Club
Cindy and Ronald are already members of the prestigious Millionaire City VIP Club and now you can join too! Enjoy exclusive benefits like news, gifts and prizes.
\n\n Tip: Enter your Email and get your membership card.
Business Partners Deal
Your Business Partners are counting on you! Make all business' bloom by visiting 40 Business Partners’ Cities.
\n\n Tip: Your Partners can be found in the Friends Bar below the game screen!
Investing
Investing always pays off for the Millionaire. Invest in 10 friends that accept your invitation and get rewarded once the invitation expires.
\n\n Tip: Send out Investment Requests by clicking the Investments icon on the lower left side of the game screen.
Smart Investing
Make smart investments. Become an investment guru by making %U successful investments and get rewarded once the invitation expires.
\n\n Tip: Once you’ve invested on a friend, you can send them a reminder by clicking on the “Investments Portfolio”.
Friendly Visit I
Visit your Friends Cities and upgrade 70 Apt. Block Luxury in their Cities combined. 
\n\n Tip: Visit friends’ Cities and click on Apt. Block Luxury if they have them!
Friendly Visit II
Visit your friends cities and upgrade 50 Skyscraper in their cities combined.
\n\n Tip: Visit friends’ Cities and click on Skyscraper if they have them!
Friendly Visit IV
Visit your friends cities and upgrade 30 Skyscraper Luxury in their cities combined.
\n\n Tip: Visit friends’ Cities and click on Skyscraper Luxury if they have them!
Friendly Visit VI
Visit your friends' cities and upgrade 20 Super Skyscraper in their cities combined.
\n\n Tip: Visit friends’ Cities and click on Super Skyscraper if they have them!
Friendly Visit III
Visit your friends cities and upgrade 40 Eco Home in their cities combined. 
\n\n Tip: Visit friends’ Cities and click on Eco Home if they have them!
Friendly Visit V
Visit your friends cities and upgrade 25 Futuristic in their cities combined.
\n\n Tip: Visit friends’ Cities and click on Futuristic if they have them!
Friendly Visit VII
Visit your friends' cities and upgrade 10 Highland Castle in their cities combined.
\n\n Tip: Visit friends’ Cities and click on Highland Castle if they have them!
Pet Shop Clients
Build a Pet Shop and sell 32 little cute Puppies. 
\n\n Tip: Build more Houses around the Pet Shop to increase the Customers!
Jewelry  Store Clients
Build a Jewelry Store and sell 34 sparkly jewels.
\n\n Tip: Build more Houses around the Jewelry Store to increase the Customers!
Shared Deal I
Ask your friends to upgrade your Houses and then collect 50 upgraded rents. Sharing is caring!
\n\n Tip: Don't forget to Invite your Friends to play Millionaire City so you they can join you in Upgrading each other's Houses.
Shared Deal II
Ask your friends to upgrade your houses and then collect 100 upgraded rents. Sharing is caring! 
\n\n Tip: Don't forget to Invite your Friends to play Millionaire City so you they can join you in Upgrading each other's Houses.
Shared Deal III
Ask your friends to upgrade your houses and then collect 200 upgraded rents. Sharing is caring!
\n\n Tip: Don't forget to Invite your Friends to play Millionaire City so you they can join you in Upgrading each other's Houses.
Shared Deal IV
Ask your friends to upgrade your houses and then collect 400 upgraded rents. Sharing is caring! 
\n\n Tip: Don't forget to Invite your Friends to play Millionaire City so you they can join you in Upgrading each other's Houses.
Shared Deal V
Ask your friends to upgrade your houses and then collect 800 upgraded rents. Sharing is caring!
\n\n Tip: Don't forget to Invite your Friends to play Millionaire City so you they can join you in Upgrading each other's Houses.
Shared Deal VI
Ask your friends to upgrade your houses and then collect 1600 upgraded rents. Sharing is caring!
\n\n Tip: Don't forget to Invite your Friends to play Millionaire City so you they can join you in Upgrading each other's Houses.
Shared Deal VII
Ask your friends to upgrade your houses and then collect 3200 upgraded rents. Sharing is caring!
\n\n Tip: Don't forget to Invite your Friends to play Millionaire City so you they can join you in Upgrading each other's Houses.
Shared Deal VIII
Ask your friends to upgrade your houses and then collect 6400 upgraded rents. Sharing is caring!
\n\n Tip: Don't forget to Invite your Friends to play Millionaire City so you they can join you in Upgrading each other's Houses.
Shared Deal IX
Ask your friends to upgrade your houses and then collect 7400 upgraded rents. Sharing is caring!
\n\n Tip: Don't forget to Invite your Friends so you they can join you in Upgrading each other's Houses.
Shared Deal X
Ask your friends to upgrade your houses and then collect 8500 upgraded rents. Sharing is caring!
\n\n Tip: Don't forget to Invite your Friends so you they can join you in Upgrading each other's Houses.
Transplanting
Go to the Contractors menu marked with the Briefcase icon and use the Move tool to move an already existing Tree to another location.
\n\n Tip: The Move tool is useful when re-organizing your City. You can also send it as a Free Gift!
Mission Completed
Income
XP:
Income Time:
Build Time:
Influence:
Tenants:
Customers:
You can speed up the building time by asking help from your friends
%U friends have helped you to build this building each one reducing total build time by %U1%
Become Fan of Millionaire City
Millionaire City fans get the latest news, special Free Gifts and can unlock the Three Story house!
Welcome Back!
%U friends passed you on ranking.
%U friends helped you.
%U friends invested in your city.
%U constructions have been completed.
%U is trying to become a millionaire too, but needs your help.\nCould you look into it?
Ronald Goldtooth
Cindy Jewels
Sheik Oilfinger
Ronald
Cindy
Sheik
You must place this building in a %U plot. Use the Buy Plots tool to get them.
Looks like you need  {0xFF6600}%U1{/} more Gold Bars to get this item
Looks like you need  {0x009932}%U1{/} more cash to get this item. You can exchange {0xFF6600}%U{/}  Gold Bars to that amount of dollars.
You don't have enough Cash to get this. I would give you {0x009932}%U{/} Cash for {0xFF6600}%U1{/} Gold bar, but you only have {0xFF6600}%U2{/} Gold bars.
Not Enough Cash
Not Enough Gold
Send Gift
Click Here
Mission %U needed
Tourists
Students
Family
Pensioners
Athletes
Pilots
Hostesses
Artists
Friends
Rock Star
Football Star
placeholder
placeholder
placeholder
placeholder
placeholder
placeholder
placeholder
placeholder
placeholder
placeholder
placeholder
placeholder
Invite
Ask for Help
Get Reward
Are you sure you want to cancel the contract?
Are you sure you want to destroy this?\nYou will get: {0x009932}%U{/}
Tenants were tired of waiting for you to collect the rent, so they abandoned the house.
Click to restore the house
Chocolate Fields
You need to wait %U to ask for speed.
You need to wait %U to remind
What are you going to buy next?
Leveling up in Millionaire City.
%U is now Level %U1 in Millionaire City and to celebrate the success wants to share some Bonus Experience to all friends!
Get Bonus Experience
How much help do you need?
%U needs help building the %U1 - World Wonder.
%U needs help finishing the %U1. You can build your own city while making millions in Millionaire City.
Help %U
Do you feel rich now?
Wow, %U got on the front cover of 'Chocolate Street Journal'
%U is a successful boss and will soon be hanging around with all the rich and famous in Millionaire City.
Play Millionaire City
How does it feel to be millionaire?
%U is a Millionaire
%U is a millionaire in Millionaire City. You can beat %U and your other friends by buying houses, casinos, hotels, jewelry shops and building a metropolis: all possible in Millionaire City.
Play Millionaire City
Was it tough to complete the mission?
Mission successfully completed!
%U earned a big reward by completing '%U1' mission and wants to share some bonus Dollars that can make you rich!
Get Bonus Dollars
Contract Signed!
Property Connected!
Friend Upgrade
Visit your friends' cities and upgrade their houses!
You get Cash and Experience.
If you are late to collect rent, tenants will leave without paying!
Remember to complete the missions to get Cash
Notice that you can exchange your Gold for Cash
Income from Commerces depends on how many customers you have
Buy with Cash?
Buy with Gold?
Buy with Cash and help of Investments?
Buy Expansion
You need free terrain to build this decoration.
This building is not connected to the Headquarters.
Build roads to connect.
Click to buy
You need %U successful investment(s)
You have %U successful investment(s)
You need to buy the unlocked expansions first
Locked
Your city is out of sync with the server. Please refresh the page to continue.
Sorry, there was an unexpected error in loading your city. Please try again later!
You can only ask help once every 12 hours.
New Investments
Investment Portfolio
New Investments
Investment Portfolio
Invest
Help {0x009932}%U{/} start a million dollar company. Invest {0x009932}%U1{/} in the new company now and if in {0x009932}%U2{/} days the Company Value raises to {0x009932}%U3{/} you will get back {0x009932}%U4{/} for your smart investment.
What would you buy with a Million Dollars?
%U, do you want to become a Millionaire?
%U, can you build your dream city and help your friend? %U1 wants you to build a city in Millionaire City. You can accept the offer and build your city while helping your friend to get extra money.
Accept
Days left
Hours left
Publish Hurry up
Publish Reminder
Results
How many days left in the investment?
%U, hurry up - more money needed!
Thanks for accepting the investment but you need to make more money cause time is running up!
Play Millionaire City
Well Done!
Your friend reached the objective, you get benefits for your investment! You should work on Wall Street!
Say Thanks
Bad Investment!
Your friend couldn't reach the objective in time, so you lost your investment!
Are you sure you want to cancel the investment?
Remember, your friend invested in your new company in Millionaire City. If you manage to get a company value of %U in %U1 days your friend will get a lot of money and will surely thank you.
Remind your objective!! I want back my benefits!
Help
Make a lot of money by helping your friends to start new Million Dollar companies. Click on 'Send Investment Request' -button to select friends who you think would be good business persons and send them an invitation.
Investment Status 1: Your friend has not accepted your investment yet. Remind your friend or cancel investment to make room in your 'Investment Portfolio'.
Investment Status 2: This means that your friend has declined your investment. In this case you can cancel it to make room in your 'Investment Portfolio'.
Investment Status 3: Your friend has accepted your investment. You can check the progression of the investment and ask your friend to 'Hurry Up'.
Investment Status 4: This means that your friend accepted the investment! Click to see whether you gained money or not.
Update your version of Flash
Here
If the game doesn't load or you experience problems, please update your version of Flash by clicking HERE.
Statistics
Investments Accepted:
Investment Successes:
Success Percentage:
New missions coming soon!
FOR SALE
EXPANSION FOR SALE
Become a Fan
Want to say 'Thank You' to your friend?
%U just made a lot of $$$ in Millionaire City and wants to say 'Thank You' to %U1!
%U invested money in %U1  which proved to be a very smart investment. Well done! 
Play Millionaire City
Investment Success!
You were right - I was worthy of your Investment!
You made a wise Investment in me!  I reached the limit of 4M Dollars and now we both get awesome benefits.
Play Millionaire City
You can't upgrade more houses today! Try again tomorrow!
Cash Exchange
Exchange
You have:
You may trade:
Investments
Buildings and Decorations
Plots and Expansions
Total
Townhouses
Fountains
Skyscrapers
Chateaus
Get Millionaire Gold
Select Package:
Pay with Facebook Credits
Best Value!
Digital Chocolate is using Facebook’s own Facebook Credits system as the payments solution in Millionaire City.  Facebook Credits use industry-leading security and fraud prevention systems to make your purchase safe.
Complete Offers
Contract Rent Collector
Contract
Coming Soon!
Are you sure you want to move your property here?
You can also get {0xf33300}FREE MOVES{/} for a {0xf33300}FULL DAY{/}.
Move Properties
Move Properties
I can help you to move your property.
Click on a property and then place it on a free plot.
You can't insert text in fullscreen mode.\nWould you like to switch to normal mode?
%U needs help building the %U1 .
:
Available in %U
Add Bookmark
Business Partners
Ask your friends to become your business partners and get access to better upgrades.
Send Request
Remind Your Friend
Select friends to add as your business partners
Hi there Friend! Become my business partner in Millionaire City and we both can do super upgrades of the buildings and become Millionaires faster!
Send Business Partner Request
Accept
Now let your friend know that you helped out so that he/she returns the favour!
Share Help Done
Friend Helped
Add a message to your friends
%U just upgraded your houses in Millionaire City! - Bonus Dollars available!
%U visited your city and upgraded your houses. You can help %U by returning the favor.
Get Bonus Dollars
You helped %U to build  '%U1'. Tell your friends you are a good friend and they will return the favor.
Share Help Given
Construction Help Given
Add a message to your friends
%U helped %U1 to build in Millionaire City!
%U just helped %U1 to make more money by speeding up the construction of '%U2'. You can go and check if it is finished.
Get Bonus Dollars
Thanks to your friends, your new building was built. Tell them 'Thanks'.
Share Thanks
Building Finished
Want to say 'Thanks' to your friends?
%U has new buildings in his/her city. Thanks to those who helped!
%U just finished new buildings in Millionaire City and wants to thank those who helped by sharing some bonus dollars.
Get Bonus Dollars
Super Upgrades
You successfully signed new partners! Let your friends know your company has new business partners.
Share with Friends
New Partners
Do you want to post a message to your friends?
%U has new business partners in Millionaire City!
%U just signed new business partners in Millionaire City and can now make 'Super Upgrades'. You can also partner with %U and get these benefits.
Get Bonus Dollars
New Bonus
some experience
Your friend gives you bonus Experience
some dollars
Your friend gives you bonus Dollars
To celebrate your level-up, do you want to give some bonus Experience to your friends?
Mission completed, do you want to give some bonus Dollars to your friends?
placeholder
You can still give some Bonus Dollars to your friends!
To celebrate your growing business empire you can share some bonus Dollars to your friends!
To celebrate your growing business empire you can share some bonus Dollars to your friends!
You can still give some Bonus Dollars to your friends!
placeholder
To celebrate your growing business empire you can share some bonus Dollars to your friends!
You can still give some Bonus Dollars to your friends!
You can still give some Bonus Dollars to your friends!
You can still give some Bonus Dollars to your friends!
You can still give some Bonus Dollars to your friends!
You can still give some Bonus Dollars to your friends!
Add a message to your friends
%U started playing Millionaire City!
%U just started getting rich by playing Millionaire City and wants to share some Bonus Dollars to friends!
Get Bonus Dollars
Add a message to your friends
%U is expanding their city in Millionaire City!
Business is blooming and %U just expanded the city and wants to celebrate the success by giving  friends some bonus dollars.
Get Bonus Dollars
Now let your friends know you bought a new land expansion.
New Expansion
Select Contractor
We have sent an email with your membership card. Open it, click the link to join the VIP Club and get your reward. If you don’t receive this email within 4 hours, please try again with a different email account.
Email Address
Re-enter email
There are some syntax errors in the email
Emails are not the same
An account with this email address already exists
This email account has already been registered
Domain error, please, check it
I accept the Privacy and Security Terms
Unlock
Unlock the Gym!
Want to offer your citizens a chance to work out and stay fit? You can unlock The Gym by doing  exercise in the MMA Pro Fighter-game. Are you up to the challenge?
Unlock the Theater!
Lights, camera, action!  Unlock the Hollywood Theater by playing Hollywood City and experience the magic and fame of the movie business.
Unlock the Vegas Bar!
There's a roulette table in Vegas with your name on it! Unlock Vegas Bar by playing Vegas City and make big bucks in the world's gambling capital.
Unlock Island God Totem !
Wanted: a God for a remote Island with sympathetic inhabitants. Unlock the Island God Totem by reaching level 5 in Digital Chocolate's Island God.
Unlock Elf Fountain
Get this beautiful Elf Fountain by playing Epic Fighters, an exciting fantasy game by Digital Chocolate.
Unlock the Zombie Cemetery!
It's Zombie apocalypse! Unlock the new Zombie Cemetery by playing Zombie Lane and find out how long you can survive against a zombie attack.
Collectibles unlocked at level %U
Investments unlocked at level %U
2 FOR 1
Buy one, second free
%U OFF
Free
Limited time offer
Do you have more pending neighbors to accept?
Join the Club
Error sending email. Please, try it again later.
Contractor
Show your friends that you are rearranging your city with the Moving Man!
Share This Trick
Add a message to your friends
%U has just rented the Moving Man and is rearranging the city!
%U wants to share some Bonus Dollars to friends. The Moving Man will do all the heavy lifting for you and your city will be even cooler.
Get Bonus Dollars
Contractor
Show your friends how to make the business bloom by collecting rents faster than ever with the Rent Collector Guy!
Share This Trick
Add a message to your friends
%U has just collected rents faster than ever with the Rent Collector Guy!
%U wants to share some Bonus Dollars to friends. This Guy will make your life easy and leave time for other business in Millionaire City.
Get Bonus Dollars
Contractor
Let your friends know how easy life can be with the Contract Renewal Lady!
Share This Trick
Add a message to your friends
%U has just made life easier in Millionaire City by hiring a Contract Renewal Lady!
%U wants to share some Bonus Dollars to friends. This Lady will renew your contracts easier and faster than ever, making money has never been this easy.
Get Bonus Dollars
Invite friends
Missing your friends in Millionaire City? With friends, you can get more dollars, more XP and build faster!
Invite friends
Get Business Partners
Make a deal of a lifetime! Partner up with your friends for more money and more XP.
Get business partners
Help %U upgrade houses!
Visiting your neighboring cities is fun, but this is not just a social visit: click your friend's houses to get more cash and more XP!
Visit friend
Hire Help!
Is your city a mess? Hire the Moving Man for 24 hours and rearrange your whole city!
Hire Help
Hire Help!
Tired of clicking? Hire the rent collector to do the dirty work for you!
Hire Help
Hire Help!
Tired of clicking? Hire the Contract Renewer guy to make life so much easier!
Hire Help
Healthy Citizens
Your citizens are getting out of shape. Unlock the special Gym commerce and help them lead a healthy lifestyle.
Get the Gym
Invest on a Friend!
Help your Friend to start up his/her own company. If the company hits is big, your investment will soon be worth 100x!
Invest
VIP Club
Join the prestigious Millionaire City VIP Club and enjoy the exclusive benefits like gifts and prizes!
Join
Ask for Help!
Add a message to your friends
%U is asking you to upgrade his houses!
Build your reputation by helping other people build theirs! By upgrading your friends houses you get more Dollars and XP. Share the wealth!
Upgrade Houses
Free Trial
Architect's Studio
%U requires more experience in the real estate business, but with {0xFF6600}%U1{/} Gold you can meet with the Architect and get the blueprints.
Buy Blueprints
%U left
This clock is a wonder! It shows real time to your citizens and gives you %U% probability of duplicating your rent.
Pending Gift Requests
How nice, your friends have sent you %U gifts!
Accept
You found a New Collectible!
Congratulations, you just found a New Collectible!
Keep
Gift
You found a Collectible!
You have found a Collectible you already have. Be a noble Millionaire and gift it to a friend in need!
Sell
Gift
Select a friend to gift a Collectible
Send a Collectible to your Friend!
Send Gift
Congratulations!
Congratulations, You have just collected all the items of the %U collection. Time to claim the reward!
Claim Reward
TRADE IN
Well Done!
You successfully completed a collection and now it's time to shine! Let your friends know about your cool new %U and share bonus dollars.
Share Success
Buy Collectible!
To speed up your collecting, You can buy this Collectible with %U Gold.
Buy
Friends can help!
Sharing is caring - ask for this Collectible from friends!
Ask
Send a Collectibles Gift to your Friend!
%U just sent you a Collectibles Gift! What a nice friend!
Check out this exciting parcel and see if you can find more luxurious Collectibles in Millionaire City.
Accept Gift
Ask for help by letting your friends know you're looking for this Collectible.
%U0 really wants a %U1!
Make %U0 happy by sending a %U1 ! Go to Millionaire City to find luxurious Collectibles around the town.
Send Gift
Time to brag! You collected like a true Millionaire and finally got the %U that everyone desires. Share the good news and bonus dollars!
%U0 finally got the %U1!
 %U0 finished the %U1 wants to celebrate by giving out some bonus dollars. Go to Millionaire City and find Collectibles around the town.
Get Bonus Dollars
Collections
Vault
House Collections
Commerce Collections
Collectibles
You have already accepted this gift.
Vault is where you keep the finished collections. Good luck!
Congrats! You have completed all the collections\nNew collections coming soon!
Are you sure you want to sell this?
You can find Collectible items by collecting rents and commerce income from your city. The more you play and the more houses and commerces you have, the more chances you'll have in finding them. You can also buy them, ask them from friends and gift them to friends.
Monitor your collection in the Collectibles window, which you can open by clicking the gift box icon. You can accept friends gifts from your Facebook profile, in the 'Game Requests' section.
You can keep up to 99 items, but you only need one to complete a collection. The rest is for sharing with friends!
When you complete a House Collection, you can claim an exclusive Reward for your City. When you complete a Commerce Collection, you will be able to trade it for extra cash and experience points. Good luck!
%U Required.
Get
Get collectible
Ask this item from your friends or buy it with {0xFF6600}%U{/} Gold Bars.
Ask this item from your friends
You are out of %U to gift.
Are you sure want to gift %U to %U1? You have %U2 left. 
Send Gift
Send Gift
You can't keep more than %U copies.
Special Offer
Say thanks
You got Collectibles from your friends, share with them some coins.
Share Coins
Want to say 'Thank You'?
Thank you for gifting me a Collectible!
Gifting collectibles helps to finish Collections faster!
Get Bonus Dollars
Are you sure to destroy this building?
%U items unlocked
Collectibles unlock!
Investments unlock!
All friends
Millionaire friends
Recommended
Help your friends to start their business. If they manage to get %U Company Value in %U1 days, you will win %U2
Send Investment Request
Investment Reminder
Your friend %U trust you. You have %U1 to get ${0x009932}%U2{/} in Company Value.
Investment Failed
You couldn’t help %U win money, but you can still play, enjoy the game and show you really are a good businessman
Investment Finished
Well done. You have shown %U you are a good business man.
Renew contractor
If you renew now the contract collector contractor, you will get a discount.
Select contractor
Renew contractor
If you renew now the select rent contractor, you will get a discount.
Select contractor
This payment method is not availale now. Please try again later or use other payment methods.
%U XP!
%U $!
%U Gold!
Better prizes each consecutive day you play!
Daily Prizes!
Day %U
Play
Share the Wealth
Let your friends know how easy life can be when you purchase Millionaire City Gold!\n\nYou can tell your friends and share some bonus dollars with them!
Share with Friends
Add a message to your friends
%U just bought gold in Millionaire City! 
%U just bought gold to get the most exclusive goods in Millionaire City! - Bonus Dollars available!
Get Bonus Dollars
Oops, you just spent your last Gold Bar. Get more Gold now to continue living the sweet life!
Completed
We have just updated Millionaire City. Please refresh your browser and check out the updated version
Something went wrong with Millionaire City, please try refreshing your browser!
Oops, the network seems to be busy. Please wait, you should be able to play soon!
Unfortunately your last actions could not be saved. Make sure you have only one game open at once!
Oops, your friend’s city has a lot of visitors! Please try again in a moment.
Free move
Lemon Tree
Mystery Briefcase
%U Free moves
Spring Flower
Storage
Inventory
Use
Your received Gifts will appear here! \n Now you can send cool Gifts to friends from the 'Free Gifts' tab on the upper left corner!
Congrats! You got:
I just opened a Mystery Gift!
Sharing is caring. You can also send and receive the coolest Gifts with your fellow Millionaires!
Get Bonus Dollars
%U requires more experience in the real estate business, but with Facebook Credits you can meet the architect and get the blueprints.
Not enough Facebook Credits
Looks like you need %U more Facebook Credits to get this item!
Add 
Early Unlock
Become richer with neighbors!
You can build faster and make more money with friends!
Invite Neighbors
Become richer with neighbors!
New! Remember to invite your friends to become neighbors to build faster and make more cash!
Your Brand New City!
Hi there! I’m your Millionaire Mentor X. I've been helping people make obscene amounts of money for years. Together we will create the most affluent Millionaire City ever! Let’s start with the basics.
House Boom!
Rapid growth and expansion is available for those clever enough to invest wisely. I expect you to be savvy as you progress further with my Missions! All of these next missions involve exploiting this expanding market opportunity – make the most of it for maximum growth.
Garden Glory!
There are extra Dollars to be made through well placed Decorations – these increase the worth of affected buildings in Bonuses. These next Missions are about maximizing the profit of your real estate with clever landscaping!
House Boom II!
You have showed enormous Millionaire potential by getting this far! Now it’s time to invest heavily in Housing and Commerce to develop your City to new heights! I am about to set you many Assignments that will greatly increase your City Value. After completing them your Millionaire City will be worth countless piles of Millionaire Dollars!
Leisure and Luxury!
Another key strategy to building a wealthy Millionaire City is to build plenty of places for your Tenants to relax and enjoy themselves. My next Assignments all focus on providing maximum recreation and pleasure activities for your Tenants to spend their Dollars in!
Culture Cultivation!
The essence of style lies in elegance, so it is worth nurturing sophistication within your City. The following Assignments all revolve around culture, as it is important to show Class through your Millionaire City design to get even the snobbiest of citizens to spend their Dollars!
Back In Business!
The time has come for you to consider your City Value Ranking against your Friendly Rivals. Have you already beaten Me, Cindy/Ronald and the infamous Sheik Oilfinger? Together we motivate each other to new echelons of success! In this set of Assignments I encourage you to focus on expanding Commercial Enterprise for maximum profit.
Garden Glory II!
Well done - congratulations for getting this far! You’re now ready for higher level of challenges. Let’s start thinking about tactical Decoration placement again! The art of maximized profit lies in the skillful use of all the land in your City. These next tasks focus on garnishing further with elaborate decorations.
Leisure and Luxury II!
There are still many more Commerces available to build to make your Tenants happy. It’s time to focus again on building indulgent places that offer convenience and recreation. An enjoyable, comfortable Millionaire City is ideal for your Tenants and ideal for your profit!
High Level Lavishness!
Wow – I am very impressed by your journey so far! Your City Value is a fantastic reflection of your decisions. These next Assignments are designed to really add that extra layer of polished exuberance to your brilliant Millionaire City. Don’t hold back – Go for that extra Dollar!
Stunning Skyscrapers!
It’s time to build Big! Skyscrapers are the ultimate demonstration of urban power. When you build your first Skyscraper, you know you have arrived as a powerful real estate magnate. The Next Assignments will revolve around the mighty Skyscraper Buildings available. Good luck and stay ambitious!
Name The City
Choose a powerful name for your new City. /n Tip:  - Name it something that reflects your Millionaire personality!
Pizza Paradise
Your Tenants will need somewhere to eat – and Commerce’s are a brilliant source of regular income! Buy the Pizzeria that is near your Headquarters. /n Tip: Click on the Pizzeria Commerce to Buy it!
Instant Build Magic!
Clicking on Buildings under construction allows you to build faster. Create your first Instant Build! /n Tip: First lay the plot on the ground using the Plot Tool, then place a Building on it. Click the Building to perform an Instant Build!
Tree Time
Decorations are not just beautiful. Each has an influence area that increases the worth of affected Buildings. Place 2 Cypress Trees around any Houses you own, and note how the Bonus goes up! /n Tip: Buy Decorations from the Shop and place them in empty areas.
Customer Cash
The amount of money each Commerce generates is proportional to the number of Tenants living around it. Set up Houses around the Pizza Commerce, so that at least 5 Customers can begin eating there! /n Tip: Bigger Houses have more Tenants!
Join the Club!
The prestigious Millionaire City VIP Club allows me to send you news, exclusive gifts and prizes via Email. /n Tip: Enter your Email below for your very own Membership Card!
Commerce Collect
The Pizza Commerce you built is a great success! Collect 5 Payments from it! /n Tip: Regularly checking back to collect your earnings is one of the key methods to accumulating lots of Millionaire City Dollars. 
Bungalow Bonanza
More demanding Citizens want you to build a Luxury Bungalow! Build one and start getting more dollars and XP immediately. /n Tip: Lay the plot on the ground using the Plot Tool, then buy the Luxury Bungalow to place in it!
Your Friends
Friends you add to Millionaire City appear in the Ranking Bar across the bottom of the Game. Visit one of them to see what tactics and strategies they are utilizing. /n Tip: Add a Friend by clicking the 'Invite' or 'Add Friend' button below, or send an Investment Invitation!
A Real Millionaire City!
Gather a City Value of 1,000,000 Dollars to prove to me and them just how successfully rich you can be! /n Tip: Collect from House Contracts and Commerces regularly to quickly increase it!
Bungalow Bonus: 12%
Get a 12% Income Bonus added to a single Bungalow, by using the decorations cleverly. /n Tip: Buy Decorations from the Shop!
World Of Wonder: Gold Statue 
Wonders are special Buildings. Build the Gold Statue Wonder to increase the Income Bonus by 5% on all Houses you own! /n Tip: Wonders take a long time to construct but give special exclusive Bonuses as well!
Rent Collection: 10 
Collect 10 rents from any Houses. /n Tip: Set shorter Contracts to quickly pass this Assignment.
Commerce Construction: Coffee Shop
Remember that your Tenants will always need somewhere to relax and drink coffee! Make the most of this market opportunity and build one Coffee Shop. /n Tip: Place Houses around the Coffee Shop so it has more Customers, for larger payout incomes.
House Construction: Townhouse Luxury
More spacious than the standard Townhouse, this is an ideal place for Tenants to stay who have a few more Millionaire Dollars to spend! /n Tip: Buy the Townhouse Luxury from the Shop, after laying the correct plot size with the Plot Tool!
Upgraded Income Collection: 50
When your houses are glittering like Diamonds, it means your Friends have visited your City and upgraded the Houses. Collect 50 rents from these upgraded buildings. /n Tip: The more Friends you have, the more chance you have they may Upgrade your Houses!
Commerce Collection: 10 Coffee Shop
Collect 10 Income Payments from the Coffee Shop. /n Tip: The more Customers in the Commerce Influence area, the more you will make with each Payment!
Coffee Shop Clients: 12
Set up Houses around the Coffee Shop, so that at least 12 Customers can visit there regularly. /n Tip: Roll over the Coffee Shop to check the blue Influence area, and make sure your new Houses are inside!
Upgrade Friends Townhouse Luxury: 25
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 25 Townhouse Luxury Houses by clicking on them! /n Tip: Click on a Friend in the Bar below, then click on their Townhouse Luxury Buildings to make them sparkle.
House Construction: Duplex
The Duplex House is an ideal way to allow more Tenants to stay at a budget Build price. /n Tip: Buy the Duplex House from the Shop!
Investment Invitations: 10
Send out 10 Investment Requests to your Friends, offering to help them start their businesses and get royally rewarded! /n Tip: Click the Investments button below and send out the Investment Invitations to anyone not yet playing the Game!
Tool Techniques: Move Tool
The Move Tool is very handy when you want to rearrange your City. Use it to move a Cypress Tree Decoration. /n Tip: The Move Tool will become more useful as your City grows so practice with it now!
Commerce Construction: Sushi Bar
This Commerce will allow your Tenants another place to eat, and there can never be too many choices! Provide this feast of fresh Sushi to your citizens. /n Tip: Buy the Sushi Bar from the Shop!
House Construction: Duplex Luxury
This model of the Duplex House makes room for a few more Tenants and is an ideal way for you to make more Millionaire Dollars from them. /n Tip: Buy the Duplex Luxury from the Shop!
Rent Collection: 50
Collect 50 rents from any Houses. /n Tip: Sign faster Contracts to finish this Assignment more quickly!
Commerce Construction: Flower Shop
Build a Flower Shop so that your tenants can enjoy the sweet scent of fresh flowers in their luxurious homes. Make the most of this market opportunity. /n Tip: Place Flower Shop amongst many Houses for maximum Customers!
Decoration Placement: Windmill
Wealth comes with responsibility- build a source of renewable energy in your City. With a massive Influence area, the Windmill looks great in any City. /n Tip: Find this Decoration in the Shop.
Upgrade Friends Duplex Luxury: 50
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 50 Duplex Luxury Houses by clicking on them! /n Tip: Click on a Friend in the Bar below, and then click on their Duplex Luxury Houses!
Decoration Placement: 4 Palms
Essential for a rich, breathing eco-system are as many plants as you can place! These Palms also have the added bonus of a tropical feel. /n Tip: Place these Palms near Houses for a higher House Bonus!
Decoration Placement: 2 Agave Plants
A pair of these Agave Plants will offer a wide Influence area for your House Income Bonuses and fresh cultivated feel for your City! /n Tip: Find these Agave Plants in the Decoration Shop!
Duplex Luxury Bonus: 30%
Get a 30% Income Bonus on a single Duplex Luxury by being clever with your Decorations! /n Tip: Check the blue Influence of each Decoration to make sure they are placed near a Duplex Luxury.
Flower Shop Clients: 30
Set up Houses around the Flower Shop, so that at least 30 Customers can shop there regularly. /n Tip: Rollover your Flower Shop to check the blue Influence, and see if you have enough Houses in the area!
Decoration Placement: 3 Balloon Boys
A Guaranteed way to make any area instantly more fun are the Balloon Boys. Buy 3 to get three times more color and fun! /n Tip: Buy them in the Decoration Shop!
Millionaire Dollar count: 1,000,000
Through continued growth, it is possible to accumulate impressive fortunes. Show your potential as a magnate and gather 1,000,000 Millionaire Dollars! /n Tip: Collect your Millionaire Dollars by collecting from Rental Contracts, and from Commerces!
Commerce Collection: 50 Flower Shop
Collect 50 Incomes from the Flower Shop. /n Tip: The more Customers in the Flower Shop Influence area, the more you will make with each Payment!
Decoration Placement: Silver Maple
The nature of these beautiful plants offer a large House Income Bonus. Let your Tenants chill in its silvery shadow. /n Tip: The Silver Maple can be found in the Decoration Shop.
Investment Successes: 5
Make 5 successful Investments on Friends. Remember that you both benefit from this deal! /n Tip: Once you’ve invested on a friend, you can send them a reminder by clicking on the “Investments Portfolio”.
Decoration Placement: 3 Fountains
Fresh water features are great for making any City luxuriously flowing. Build 3 for big bonuses anywhere in your Millionaire City. /n Tip: Fountains are great as they offer such a large House Bonus!
Decoration Placement: 5 Apple Trees
Planting these 5 Apple Trees will guarantee organic apples for your selective Tenants! They are great for little gaps around Houses. /n Tip: Find the Apple Tree in the Decoration Shop.
Tool Techniques: Collect Tool
Collecting individual Rent Payments can sometimes be a chore if you have a lot, but Rent Collector is here to help you! Try him out with a 6 minute free trial. /n Tip: The Rent Collector is ideal when your Millionaire City expands and you have many Rents to Collect at once.
House Construction: Three Story Luxury 
An exemplary place to stay, as this model of the Three Story House offers much more for the discriminatory Tenant. /n Tip: Luxury Models always have room for more Tenants, bigger Contract payouts and offer more XP when built!
Commerce Construction: McDollars
More Houses means more Tenants, and they will always pay for somewhere to eat delicious fast food. A prospect well worth investing in. /n Tip: This Commerce has an unusally wide Influence, so use that to your advantage!
Investment Invitations: 20 More
Send out 20 more Investment Requests to your Friends, offering to help them start their businesses and grow your own portfolio at the same time! /n Tip: Succesful Investments are an ideal way to reward yourself and a Friend.
Friend Visit: 40
Visit Friends Cities at least 40 times. This is a good way to evaluate your competition! /n Tip: Click on Friends in the Bar below to visit their Cities!
Contract Collection: 100
Collect 100 Rents from any Houses and see the Dollars flowing in. /n Tip: Set fast Contracts to quickly complete this Assignment.
House Construction: Apartment Block
Four Stories tall, this House allows many more Tenants to stay - which means many more Millionaire Dollars when you build one! /n Tip: Bigger Houses often mean more Tenants can stay.
Decoration Placement: 6 Orange Trees
The scent and sight of Orange Trees are sure to tantalize the senses of your Tenants. Plant 6 so you can spread the fruity benefits everywhere! /n Tip: These Decorations are great for filling little areas in your City.
Commerce Construction: Pet Shop
As your Tenants settle into domestic bliss, often they will purchase animal companions. Provide them with a Pet Shop to pamper man’s best friends! /n Tip: Commerces are great sources of fast, regular Income.
Upgrade Friends Eco-Home: 60
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 60 Eco-Home Houses by clicking on them! /n Tip: You can Upgrade 5 Houses per Friend per day.
Tool Techniques: Contract Tool
Similar to the Rent Collector, the Contractor Lady is useful when you have a lot of Rent Contracts to sign all at once. Try her out with a 6 minute free trial! /n Tip: The Contractor Lady is a really helpful Tool when you have many Houses!
Rock Star Contract Collection: 200
Utilize the Rock Star Contract 200 times by signing in Rock Star Tenants to your Houses. /n Tip: This Contract can be collected after 2 hours.
Commerce Collection: 100 Pet Shop
Collect 100 Income Payments from the Pet Shop. /n Tip: The more Customers in the Pet Shop Influence area, the more you will make with each Payment!
Upgrade Friends Apartment Block Luxury: 70
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 70 Apartment Block Luxury Houses by clicking on them! /n Tip: Upgrading your Friends Houses is useful for you, as they may do the same in return!
Apartment Block Luxury Bonus: 60%
Get a 60% Income Bonus added to a single Apartment Block Luxury, by shrewdly placing your Decorations in strategic places. /n Tip: Check the House Bonus each Decoration gives in the Shop before purchase for maximum benefit.
Pet Shop Clients: 50
Set up Houses around the Pet Shop, so that at least 50 Customers can visit there regularly. /n Tip: Building bigger Houses often results in more Tenants being able to stay, which is great for Commerce customers.
Commerce Construction: Bowling Alley
An extremely fun way for your Tenants to spend their leisure time. Build a Bowling Alley to entertain your Tenants of all ages! /n Tip: Place the Bowling Alley Commerce amongst plenty of Houses for maximum Income!
House Construction: House of Harmony
A lovely place of peace and quiet with a big front garden, where your Tenants can live in a totally zen environment. /n Tip: Build this House near a Commerce!
Friend Visit: 80
Go to your Friends Cities at least 80 times and have a look at how they are developing. This is a good way to evaluate your own play style! /n Tip: Click on Friends in the Bar below to visit their Cities!
Commerce Construction: Jewelry Shop
Nothing says luxury like Diamonds! Setting up a Jewelry Business is an opportunity not to be missed! /n Tip: Next the Jewelry Shop amongst as many Houses as you can.
World of Wonder: Two More
Wonders are always worth it - they take a long time to construct but the bonuses make them worthwhile. Build any 2 more Wonders of your choice to boost your income! /n Tip: Check the special attributes of each Wonder before you buy!
Villa Bonus: 90%
Get a 90% Income Bonus added to a single Villa, by cleverly placing Decorations. /n Tip: Before buying your Decorations, check thier Influence area for maximum strategic positioning.
Bowling Alley Clients: 200
Set up Houses around the Bowling Alley, so that at least 200 Customers can visit there regularly. /n Tip: Buying bigger Houses often results in more Tenants being able to stay with every Contract.
Expansion!
The time has come for you to purchase an expansion so you can further extend your ever growing Millionaire City. Buy any that is unlocked and get ready to further expand your Empire! /n Tip: Buy them by clicking on the dark green 'Expansion For Sale' signs outside your City fences.
Contract Collection: 200
Collect 200 Rents from any Houses. /n Tip: Set fast Contracts to quickly complete this Assignment.
House Construction: Loft Block
The height of 5 Stories sets this House apart from many others. Invest in one to allow a similarly gigantic number of Tenants to stay all at once! /n Tip: These Houses are great around Commerces!
Investment Successes: 10
Complete 10 Investments successfully with Friends. Remember that you both benefit from this business affiliation! /n Tip: Sending out many Investment Invitations may result in more succesful Investments!
Commerce Construction: Night Club
An ideal way to provide night time entertainment, and a brilliant source of income for you. Building a Night Club is the best way to get those party dollars in your pocket. /n Tip: Build the Night Club amongst lots of Houses.
Jewelry Store Clients: 150
Set up Houses around the Jewelry Store, so that at least 150 Customers can visit there regularly. /n Tip: Building bigger Houses around the Jewelry Store will often result in more Customers.
Upgrade Friends Loft Block: 100
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 100 Loft Block Houses by clicking on them! /n Tip: You can Upgrade 5 Houses per Friend per day.
Commerce Collection: 150 Bowling Alley
Collect 150 Income Payments from the Bowling Alley. /n Tip: The more Customers in the Bowling Alley Influence area, the more you will make with each Payment!
House Construction: 2 Villa Luxury
A more lavish model of the Villa, which is perfect for allowing more refined Tenants with style to stay. Build a pair to maximize your future profit margins! /n Tip: Leave space around the outside for Decoration placement.
House Construction: 2 Colonial House
An amazing place for your Tenants that prefer a slower pace of life, with an elegant historical style. Build 2 so that more potential Tenants can experience simplicity. /n Tip: Build the Houses in a Commerce Influence area.
Decoration Placement: 6 Art Nouveau Lamps
These Lamps are sophistication defined! Building 6 will artistically light the way across your Millionaire City. /n Tip: Place these Decorations around Houses to maximise a House Bonus!
Commerce Construction: Mall
Although far from classically sophisticated, the Mall is certainly a symbol of modern Western Culture and a great way to make many Millionaire Dollars! Give your Tenants somewhere to shop ‘til they drop. /n Tip: The Mall offers a massively wide Influence area!
Villa Luxury Bonus: 100%
Get a 100% Income Bonus added to a single Villa Luxury, with the cunning use of your Decoration purchases. /n Tip: Check the House Bonus % of a Decoration before you purchase it.
House Construction: 2 Parisian Town House
5 whole Stories of beautifully polished Parisian style. Construct 2 so that twice as many Tenants can bask in its sumptuous luxury! /n Tip: Build the Parisian Town Houses near Commerces, so your Commerces have plenty of Clients.
Decoration Placement: 4 Japanese Trees
A beautiful example of Eastern Culture. /n Tip: They have an unusual wide Influence, so they can be strategically planted to maximize House Income Bonus.
Decoration Placement: 5 Bamboos
Represent more Eastern Culture by sowing these 5 Bamboo plants. Their appeal means they have a big Influence! /n Tip: Place the Bamboo Plants around your Houses. 
Decoration Placement: Big Garden
Although expensive, the massive Influence and House Income Bonus combined with extraordinary attractiveness make this Big Garden well worth investing in. /n Tip: Try moving older Decorations and placing this in their place.
Mall Clients: 250
Set up Houses around the Mall, so that at least 250 Customers can visit there regularly. /n Tip: Bigger houses often have the abilty to hold more Tenants.
Friend Visit: 120
Go to your Friends Cities at least 120 times and have a look at how they are developing. This is a good way to evaluate your own play style and competition! /n Tip: Click on Friends in the Bar below to visit their Cities!
Investment Invitations: 30 More
Send out 30 more Investment Requests to your Friends, offering to help them start their businesses and improve your own portfolio at the same time! /n Tip:  Succesful Investments are an ideal way to reward yourself and a Friend.
Decoration Placement: Statue of David
A rare masterpiece Statue that will look perfect adorning any Millionaire City. Straight from Renaissance Italy – a true work of Art. /n Tip: Buy this Decoration with Gold Bars.
Parisian Town House Bonus: 150%
Get a 150% Income Bonus added to a single Parisian Town House, by being clever with your Decoration purchases. /n Tip: Always leave space around Houses for Decorations!
Upgrade Friends Parisian Town House: 150
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 150 Parisian Town Houses by clicking on them! /n Tip: Upgrading your Friends is beneficial, as they may do the same to you!
Contract Collection: 600
Acquire 600 elapsed Rental Contracts from any Houses. /n Tip: Set quick Contracts to finish this Assignment quickly.
Decoration Placement: Triumph Arch
Another Decoration that allows massive House Income Bonus and Influence. /n Tip: Building one of these is ideal for quickly increasing City Value.
Upgrade Friends Skyscraper: 180
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 180 Skyscraper Houses by clicking on them! /n Tip: You can only Upgrade a Building once.
Commerce Construction: Bank
All thriving Business and Commercial capitalists need a good Bank to store all of their money! A Bank Commerce will never be out of business.
Commerce Construction: Hospital
Looking after your Tenants is of paramount importance, and a Hospital allows strong growth in the long run. Construct a Hospital to keep your Tenants in good health!
Spy Scheme
My Friendly Rivals Ronald Goldtooth/Cindy Jewels and Sheik Oilfinger seem to be plotting again. Click on them in the Ranking Bar to access their City’s and have a sneaky peek what they are up to!
House Construction: Futuristic City Block
Industry thrives on cutting-edge technology, so allow your Tenants to live in only the most automated environment offered!
Investment Successes: 20
Complete 20 Investment Partnerships successfully with Friends! You both benefit from this business affiliation.
House Construction: 2 Skyscraper Luxury
Dazzling and designed with maximum efficiency in mind, the Skyscraper Luxury is perfect for creating bustling hives of activity. Build 2 for twice as much capital to be generated!
Overtake Sheik
I have known Sheik Oilfinger a long time, but not even I have known him to be this rich! Pass this Mission by developing more Company Value than Sheik!
Loft Block Luxury Bonus: 150%
Get a 150% Income Bonus added to a single Loft Block Luxury, by being smart with your Decorations.
Commerce Collection: 300 Bank
Obtain 300 Income Payments from the Bank.
Friend Visit: 150
Go to your Friends Cities at least 150 times and have a look at how they are developing and progressing. This is a good way to evaluate your own play style!
House Construction: Chrysler Building
The Art Deco classic straight from New York is the ideal place to inspire your Tenants working in your City. Invest in one to aggressively expand your profit margins.
Expansion II!
The time has come for you to purchase another expansion – the missing piece of your ever expanding Empire. Buy any that is unlocked and get ready to further extend your City.
Decoration Placement: 20 Gold Maple
These beautiful Gold Maples are ideal replacements for lesser Decorations, with their added Bonus percentage!
Hospital Clients: 300
Set up Houses around the Hospital, so that at least 300 Customers can be treated there regularly.
Decoration Placement: 10 Spruce
The Spruce Decoration is an ideal method to make any Millionaire City look more green and healthy. It also offers a healthy Bonus for you!
Investment Invitations: 40 More
Send out 40 more Investment Requests to your Friends, offering to help them start their businesses.
Decoration Placement: 15 Birch Tree
These are a great way to fill in the little gaps around your Millionaire City, since each of them maintain a strong Influence.
Upgrade Friends Loft Block Luxury: 300
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 300 Loft Block Luxury Houses by clicking on them!
House Construction: Designer House
The world of Design collides with business in this cutting edge House. Perfect for the modern Tenant.
House Construction: Chateau
A gorgeous House to satisfy any Tenant. Looks spectacularly good in any garden area!
Designer House Bonus: 200%
Get a 200% Income Bonus added to a single Designer House, by placing Decorations in cunning positions!
Football Star Contract Collection: 400
Utilize the Football Star Contract 400 times when signing in Football Star Tenants to your Houses.
Decoration Placement: 5 Chafa
Chafas are very special garden Decorations with a massively strong Influence. Perfect for boosting the Bonuses of Houses.
Commerce Construction: Opera House
Build a busy Performing Arts centre for your Tenants! Guaranteed to quickly turn into profit with style.
Friend Visit: 200
Go to your Friends Cities 200 times and have a look at how they are developing. This is a good way to evaluate your own play style!
Upgrade Friends Chateau Houses: 350
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 350 Chateau Houses by clicking on them!
Decoration Placement: 3 Fountain II
These Fantastic Fountains offer a wider influence than the first Fountain incarnation - ideal for any garden area or plaza.
Contract Collection: 1000
Acquire 1000 elapsed Rental Contracts from any Houses.
Opera House Clients: 350
Set up Houses around the Opera House, so that at least 350 Customers can find entertainment there.
Commerce Collection: 600 Opera House
Collect 600 Income Payments from the Opera House.
Decoration Placement: 1 Pond of Wealth
An amazing water feature that brings tranquility to any City, combined with a massive House Income Bonus!
World of Wonder: Three More
They take a long time to construct but the bonuses of built Wonders make them worth the wait! Build any 3 more Wonders of your choice to make your Tenants and Visitors gasp at their amazing scale!
Commerce Construction: Casino
Some would say this is an ultimate place for entertainment. Let your Tenants revel in the glitz and glamour whilst handing over their Dollars to You!
Commerce Construction: Stadium
An amazing place for your Tenants to view all of the latest live outdoor Sports! Build it as another leisure facility for their use.
Casino Clients: 400
Set up Houses around the Casino, so that at least 400 Customers can find entertainment there regularly.
House Construction: Futuristic
Straight from the future is this super space-age living facility. The pinnacle of modern architecture, it is complete with massive glass walls for panoramic views.
Expansion III!
Another Expansion is needed if you are to fully realize the potential of your Millionaire City! You can only grow through aggressive expanding!
Upgrade Friends Futuristic Houses: 450
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 450 Futuristic Houses by clicking on them!
Investment Successes: 30
Complete 30 Investment Partnerships successfully with Friends and remember that you both benefit from this business affiliation.
Commerce Construction: Hotel Midas
A brilliant place for holidays and vacations, this exclusive luxury Commerce is ideal for the more discerning Tenant.
Stadium Clients: 400
Set up Houses around the Stadium, so that at least 400 Customers can go and see live Sports there.
Hostesses Contract Collection: 500
Use Hostesses Contract 400 times when signing in Hostess Tenants to your Houses.
Commerce Construction: Midas Mall
Building this Commerce results in a gigantic Influence over the neighboring Houses, and is certainly one of the best places your Tenants can spend their money!
Commerce Collection: 800 Casino
Obtain 800 Income Payments from the Casino.
Commerce Collection: 1000 Stadium
Collect 1000 Income Payments from the Stadium.
Hotel Midas Clients: 450
Set up Houses around the Hotel Midas, so that at least 450 Customers can find go and relax there regularly.
Futuristic House Bonus: 230%
Get a 230% Income Bonus added to a single Futuristic House, by being shrewd with Decorations!
Commerce Collection: 1200 Hotel Midas
Collect 1200 Income Payments from the Hotel Midas.
Contract Collection: 1250
Collect 1250 Rents Contracts from any Houses.
Friend Visit: 300
Go to your Friends Cities at least 300 times and have a look at how they are developing. This is a good way to size up your competition!
Midas Mall Clients: 450
Set up Houses around the Midas Mall, so that at least 450 Customers can go and shop there often.
Commerce Collection: 1500 Midas Mall
Collect 1500 Income Payments from the Midas Mall.
House Construction: Luxury Mansion 
A beautiful place to stay for the most demanding of Tenants! Polished marble floors and solid Gold window frames add to the abundant sumptuousness.
Investment Invitations: 50 More
Send out 50 more Investment Requests to your Friends, offering to help them start their businesses and help your own portfolio at the same time.
Expansion IV!
Time to Expand your City again! You can’t have too much space for luxury. Buy any expansion that is currently unlocked.
Upgrade Friends Luxury Mansion Houses: 500
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 500 Luxury Mansion Houses by clicking on them!
Luxury Mansion Bonus: 250%
Get a 250% Income Bonus added to a single Luxury Mansion, by placing your Decorations in the best areas!
Commerce Construction: Baseball Stadium
One of the greatest Commerces available for purchase - absolutely guaranteed to create a massive profit with each payment turnover for you, should you invest.
Artists Contract Collection: 800
Use Artists Contract 800 times when signing in Artist Tenants to your Houses.
House Construction: Luxury Mansion II
Twice as opulent as the original Luxury Mansion, this is ideal for Tenants who are twice as wealthy as well! Excessively extravagance for those who can afford it.
Baseball Stadium Clients: 500
Set up Houses around the Baseball Stadium, so that at least 500 Customers can go and watch Games there!
Upgrade Friends Luxury Mansion II Houses: 600
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 600 Luxury Mansion II Houses by clicking on them!
Luxury Mansion II Bonus: 280%
Get a 280% Income Bonus added to a single Luxury Mansion II, by being extra clever with Decoration placement.
Commerce Collection: 1750 Baseball Stadium
Collect 1750 Income Payments from the Baseball Stadium.
Friend Visit: 400
Go to your Friends Cities at least 400 times and have a look at how they are developing. A Chance to size up the competition.
Contract Collection: 1500
Collect 1500 Rents from any Houses.
House Construction: Super Skyscraper
The next in the Skyscraper range is the Super model of skyscrapers. It will gloriously stand above your other City buildings.
House Construction: Skyscraper Ultimate
Habitable by even more Tenants than the Super Skyscraper, the Ultimate offers even more architectural excellence in a brilliant aerodynamic shape.
Friends Contract Collection: 1000
Use Friends Contract 1000 times when signing in Friends Tenants to your Houses.
Investment Successes: 40
Make 40 successful Investments on Friends and see your portfolio explode!
Upgrade Friends Super Skyscraper Houses: 700
Visit your Friends Cities and Upgrade 700 Super Skyscraper Houses by clicking on them!
House Construction: Highland Castle
A magnificently beautiful country Castle that offers culturally significant luxury! Just be careful around midnight, this Castle might be haunted…
Skyscraper Ultimate Bonus: 290%
Get a 290% Income Bonus added to a single Skyscraper Ultimate, by being a shrewd Decoration placer!
Contract Collection: 2000
Acquire 2000 elapsed Rental Contracts from any Houses.
Expansion V!
Once again, it is worth buying an unlocked Expansion for your City! Certainly a wise purchase since you’ll need loads of space for your most ambitious real estate ventures to date!
World of Wonder: Four More
Wonders always give fantastic Bonuses that make up for their long construction time. Build any 4 more so that your Tenants can enjoy their colossal scale, while you enjoy their colossal Bonuses!
House Construction: Brazilian Skyscraper
The pinnacle of the Skyscraper range offers an unprecedented amount of Tenants to stay. Truly the crown jewel of all Skyscrapers, enough to impress any magnate!
Commerce Collection: 50 Coffee Shop
Obtain 50 Income Payments from the Coffee Shop.
Commerce Collection: 100 Flower Shop
Obtain 50 Income Payments from the Flower Shop. 
Commerce Collection: 200 Pet Shop
Obtain 200 Income Payments from the Pet Shop.
Commerce Collection: 300 Bowling Alley
Obtain 300 Income Payments from the Bowling Alley.
Commerce Collection: 600 Bank
Obtain 600 Income Payments from the Bank.
Commerce Collection: 800 Opera House
Obtain 800 Income Payments from the Opera House.
Commerce Collection: 1000 Casino
Obtain 1000 Income Payments from the Casino.
Commerce Collection: 1200 Stadium
Obtain 1200 Income Payments from the Stadium.
Commerce Collection: 1500 Hotel Midas
Obtain 1500 Income Payments from the Hotel Midas.
Commerce Collection: 2000 Midas Mall
Obtain 2000 Income Payments from the Midas Mall.
Commerce Collection: 2500 Baseball Stadium
Obtain 2500 Income Payments from the Baseball Stadium.
Pizzeria Clients: 10
Set up Houses around the Pizzeria, so that at least 10 Customers can visit there regularly.
Coffee Shop Clients: 24
Set up Houses around the Coffee Shop, so that at least 24 Customers can visit there regularly.
Flower Shop Clients: 50
Set up Houses around the Flower Shop, so that at least 50 Customers can visit there regularly.
Pet Shop Clients: 80
Set up Houses around the Pet Shop, so that at least 80 Customers can visit there regularly.
Bowling Alley Clients: 250
Set up Houses around the Bowling Alley, so that at least 250 Customers can visit there regularly.
Jewelry Store Clients: 220
Set up Houses around the Jewelry Store, so that at least 150 Customers can visit there regularly.
Mall Clients: 300
Set up Houses around the Mall, so that at least 300 Customers can visit there regularly.
Hospital Clients: 350
Set up Houses around the Hospital, so that at least 350 Customers can be treated there regularly.
Opera House Clients: 400
Set up Houses around the Opera House, so that at least 400 Customers can find entertainment there often.
Casino Clients: 450
Set up Houses around the Casino, so that at least 450 Customers can find entertainment there regularly.
Stadium Clients: 450
Set up Houses around the Stadium, so that at least 450 Customers can find go and see live Sports there often.
Hotel Midas Clients: 500
Set up Houses around the Hotel Midas, so that at least 500 Customers can find go and relax there regularly.
Midas Mall Clients: 500
Set up Houses around the Midas Mall, so that at least 500 Customers can go and shop there often.
Baseball Stadium Clients: 550
Set up Houses around the Baseball Stadium, so that at least 550 Customers can go and watch Games there!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 6
Upgrade any 6 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 20
Upgrade any 20 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 50
Upgrade any 50 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 100
Upgrade any 100 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 200
Upgrade any 200 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 400
Upgrade any 400 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 650
Upgrade any 650 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 850
Upgrade any 850 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 1000
Upgrade any 1000 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 1250
Upgrade any 1250 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 1500
Upgrade any 1500 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 1750
Upgrade any 1750 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgrade Your Friends Buildings: 2000
Upgrade any 2000 of your Friends Buildings by clicking on them in their City!
Upgraded Income Collection: 100
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 100 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 200
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 200 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 400
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 400 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 800
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 400 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 1200
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 1200 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 1600
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 1600 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 2000
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 2000 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 2500
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 2500 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 3000
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 3000 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 3500
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 3500 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 4000
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 4000 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 5000
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 5000 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 6400
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 6400 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 7400
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 7400 from these specially granted Buildings.
Upgraded Income Collection: 8500
A flashing Star Halo appears around your Houses, after your Friends have visited your City and Upgraded them. Collect 8500 from these specially granted Buildings.
City Value: 5 Million
Accumulate a total City Value of 5,000,000 Dollars to prove to me and them just how successfully rich you can be!
City Value: 10 Million
Accumulate a total City Value of 10,000,000 Dollars to prove to me and them just how successfully rich you can be!
City Value: 50 Million
Accumulate a total City Value of 50,000,000 Dollars to prove to me and them just how successfully rich you can be!
City Value: 120 Million
Accumulate a total City Value of 120,000,000 Dollars to prove to me and them just how successfully rich you can be!
City Value: 240 Million
Accumulate a total City Value of 240,000,000 Dollars to prove to me and them just how successfully rich you can be!
City Value: 500 Million
Accumulate a total City Value of 500,000,000 Dollars to prove to me and them just how successfully rich you can be!
City Value: 1000 Million
Accumulate a total City Value of 1000,000,000 Dollars to prove to me and them just how successfully rich you can be!
City Value: 2000 Million
Accumulate a total City Value of 2000,000,000 Dollars to prove to me and them just how successfully rich you can be!
Millionaire Dollar count: 5,000,000
Through continued prosperous growth, it is possible to accumulate an upward spiral of wealth. Prove to me you can make 5,000,000 Millionaire Dollars ready to spend!
Millionaire Dollar count: 10,000,000
Through continued prosperous growth, it is possible to accumulate an upward spiral of wealth. Prove to me you can make 10,000,000 Millionaire Dollars ready to spend!
Millionaire Dollar count: 20,000,000
Through continued prosperous growth, it is possible to accumulate an upward spiral of wealth. Prove to me you can make 20,000,000 Millionaire Dollars ready to spend!
Millionaire Dollar count: 40,000,000
Through continued prosperous growth, it is possible to accumulate an upward spiral of wealth. Prove to me you can make 40,000,000 Millionaire Dollars ready to spend!
Millionaire Dollar count: 80,000,000
Through continued prosperous growth, it is possible to accumulate an upward spiral of wealth. Prove to me you can make 80,000,000 Millionaire Dollars ready to spend!
Millionaire Dollar count: 150,000,000
Through continued prosperous growth, it is possible to accumulate an upward spiral of wealth. Prove to me you can make 150,000,000 Millionaire Dollars ready to spend!
Millionaire Dollar count: 250,000,000
Through continued prosperous growth, it is possible to accumulate an upward spiral of wealth. Prove to me you can make 250,000,000 Millionaire Dollars ready to spend!
Millionaire Dollar count: 400,000,000
Through continued prosperous growth, it is possible to accumulate an upward spiral of wealth. Prove to me you can make 400,000,000 Millionaire Dollars ready to spend!
Irish Cake House
Garden Skyscraper
Incorporating hydroponic gardens, shops, residential apartments and also plazas, interconnected with sky-bridges.
The Green Mansion
Greenery is abounding everywhere in this flourishing Mansion - enjoy the wonder of nature. 
Quad-scraper
A tower with 4 blocks, each suspended from a common central bar. 
The Boot House
An all teak house, shaped like a shoe!
Inverto-house
A family-house with every facility, comfort and oodles of upsite-down charm
Giant Books Shoppe
Big Basket World
Leaning Tower of Wanaka
Magic Tap
Easter Egg Tower
Welcome your tenants to this unique Egg shaped skyscraper. 
Egg House
Your tenants and their kids will enjoy their stay in this cute little egg house. 
Cookie Shop
Egg Basket
Easter Bunny
Easter Egg
Soccer Star's Villa
6 exquisite bedrooms, a swimming pool and all the facilities you need to train to be a soccer champion
Super Sports Skyscraper
This stunningly stylish skyscrapper lets you experience world calss sports amenites from your home, 
Sports Shop
Dollars Sports Bar
Super Tech Skyscraper
Built by the world's foremost technologists lets your tenants enjoy all the latest gadgets and gizmos at their doorstep! 
SuperComputer Shoppe
Starlings Balloon
Robbie the Robot
Satellite Communicator
Unlock Starlings Balloon!
Unlock the Starlings Balloon by starting a thrilling adventure in Galaxy Life! A new game by Digital Chocolate.
Unlock
Under construction Week
Stop 
Construction car park
15 Penn Plaza
68 floors of pure class, elegance and perfection
MCity Crane 
World One
 Build the tallest residential tower in the world and become a part of modern history before it even happens!
Federation Tower
Complex of skyscrapers with state of the art amenities to dazzle all tenants! 
Tower Verre
Ultra modern luxurious skyscraper with twin towers.
Building sites week! A real city is always moving - things are being built everywhere! Construct terrific building sites and wonders of architecture!
El Dorado Week
Artifact Shop
Aztec Coin
The Totem
Golden Fountain
Golden Temple Tower
Dazzle your tenants in a tower studded with pure gold and precious jewels! Enjoy living inside this legendary superstructure. 
House of El Dorado
Crafted out of 24 carat gold, this house has some rare artifacts hidden inside.
El Dorado week! The legend of El Dorado! This week, decorate your city with incredible treasures from the lost city of gold!
Birthday Week
Cake House II
A delicious cake house will be a treat for the taste buds of all your tenants and their children. Be careful though, don't eat it all! 
Birthday Tower
Dazzle your tenants in this luxurious highrise with a glowing LED board on it. 
Celebration Tower
The perfect place to throw a lavishing party for all your millionaire friends! 
Millionaires Hotel
Dollars Column
Birthday Clown
Flower Bouquet
Happy Birthday Millionaire City! Millionaire City is now 2 years old. Let's celebrate! Terrific decorations and buildings are waiting for you in the shop. Take a look!
Motel
With Guest Rooms featuring queen-sized beds, free highspeed internet, arcade and guest laundry.
Golden Skyscraper
Raise the roof with this limited edition, lavishly decorated Skyscraper. Over 100 floors of opulent, indulgent luxury - Vegas style!
Mirage Tower
Escape to the exotic in this uber luxurious skyscraper. Walk in and fall in love with this symbol of wealth!
Charm Tower
Ultra Modern Skyscraper with 65 floors of uniquely crafted apartments to dazzle your ever demanding tenants. 
Casino House
Luxurious, spacious and stunning! Try your luck with the slot machine or a video poker game in the Casino House 
Neon Cowboy
Welcome Sign
Neon Cactus 
Vegas Spire
Vegas Hotel
Vegas! 
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!  So just enjoy the new exciting buildings!
Aquarium

Star Tower
World Class residential tower powered by its own arc reactor, capable of sustaining the tower for a year without any cost to your city
Wain Tower
A gleaming beacon of modern architecture. Invite your tenants and leave them spell bound with the technological advances in the tower.
T tower
Unique T shaped skyscraper.  Explore the endless possibilities of this tower: from its amazing views to the sleek fittings! 
Bitexco Tower
68 floors with 16 elevators, the building has a unique helipad projecting outward from the tower. 
Wall Centre
A gem directly imported from Canada. Over 40 floors of comfort, class and astonishing beauty. 
Sublime Skyscraper
This stunningly elegant skyscrapper lets you experience world calss sports amenites from your home. 
Art Gallery
Super Money
Ghost Biker
Hammer
Private Chopper
Dollar tree

Luxury, luxury, luxury
What's a millionaire without luxury? Enjoy your fortune and treat yourself to some of the classiest buildings Millionaire City has ever seen! Look in the shop now!

Luxury Spa
Rich Rock Coffee
Dollars Football
Water Park
Zoo
MCTV Station
CN Tower
Private Space Station
Cruise Casino
Boutique
Hot Dog Stand
Kodak Theater
Yacht Club
Seattle space needle
Sydney Opera House
Soccer Tower
Soccer Boot Statue
Croatian Flag
Danish Flag
English Flag
French Flag
German Flag
Greek Flag
Irish Flag
Italian Flag
Dutch Flag
Polish Flag
Portuguese Flag
Russian Flag
Spanish Flag
Swedish Flag
Czech Flag
Ukranian Flag

Public Viewing Area
Soccer Stadium
Soccer Association Headquarters

Soccer Players´ Hotel
Only the best soccer players rest here between important matches. These comfortable luxury rooms  serve all the players´ needs to get ready and full of energy for the coming matches.

Beach volleyball pitch
 Lemonade stand
Ice-cream stand
Mediterranean plants
Mega aquarium

Travel agency
Outdoor swimming pool
Drive-in cinema
Summer adventure park
Surf retailer
Go-cart race track
Jet ski rental

Holiday Hotel
Spend your holidays by the hotel´s pool with all the luxury you need!
Luxus camping
The perfect accomodation if you want to get out of the noisy city and spend your nights around the camp fire, sleeping under the stars!

Alien Family
Crash Site
Crop signs in corn field


UFO Express

Floating house
Payment is always in advance. Not many tenant has been seen after moving in.
UFO house
Many are afraid of the energy generator on the top of the building. But it´s harmless. Probably.
Alien Tower
A gift from another galaxy. Space is bent inside of the building so the tenants have twice as much space as they would normally have.
UFO Tower
Only the wealthiest can afford to buy an apartement in this building.

Golden Goose

Pumpkin Carriage
The Magic Lamp
Excalibur

Rapunzel Tower
The view is beautiful from the top and the landlady is very kind. But the sink is often jammed by her hair.
3 little pigs house
Freshly rebuilt houses. Wolves are not welcome here!

Pirate Ship

Lovebirds' Café
Vegas Wedding

Abbey Road Studios
Wembley Stadium

Chocolate shop

Japanese Tea Shop

Cheese shop

Planet Hollywood

Zombie Lounge